Fix Express error handler signature error (#954)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: .changesets/fix-types-compatibility-for-the-express-error-handler.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "fix"
---

> Fix types compatibility for the Express error handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a TypeScript types compatibility error upon app compilation when using the AppSignal Express error handler.
```
